The frontend should enable users to create accounts (or login), search for books, check-out books, check-in books,
and pay fines. We can do this through at least 4 pages/tabs (Login page, search and checkout page, check-in page,
fines page). Here is the breakdown I am thinking:

Login Page:
When the user first visits the website, they should reach the login page. Here they can try to login, but if they do not have
an account, they should be prompted to create a new account. On the login screen, there could simply be a button/link called
"Create New Account" which displays a form which allows the user to create an account with the following details:
    - ssn
    - first_name
    - last_name
    - address
    - city
    - state
    - phone
After the user enters their details and clicks submit on the form, you can simply call the /api/create_account endpoint
in backend.py to actually create the account in the database with a unique CardID (I can help yall with integrating the
backend).

Search and Checkout Page:
This page should allow users to search for a book based on isbn, title, or author name. It should then display the books in
a table with the following columns: ISBN, TITLE, AUTHORS, STATUS, CHECKOUT.

This data can be found by calling the /api/search endpoint in backend.py (with the search_string as a parameter), which
should return a 2D array.

*Note that the CHECKOUT column should not display any data, rather it should display a button in that row (only if the
STATUS is IN) to allow the user to check out the book. After the user clicks the button, you can simply call the
/api/checkout endpoint in backend.py (with the cardID of the user and book isbn as parameters).

Check-In Page:
This will be similar to the checkout page, but instead will allow users to check in any books they have checked out. You can
call the /api/find_checked_out endpoint (passing in the users CardID as a parameter) in backend.py to get the list of
checked out books for that user. Similarly, have a CHECK IN column that allows users to check in their books by calling
the /api/checkin endpoint (passing in the books loan id), which should remove that book from the table.

Fines Page:
The fines page will display the fines for each borrower. I will work on a display_fines endpoint that you can call to get
this data. There should also be a button in each row to allow the librarian to pay the fines for the borrower. This will set
their fine_amt to 0. For this, you should calculate the /api/update_fines endpoint in backend.py